fix: updating example.md (#1262)
numaproj/numaflow: docs/user-guide/user-defined-functions/reduce/examples.md

Please refer to the doc [Intern-Step Buffer Service](../../../core-concepts/inter-step-buffer.md) for more information on ISB.

#### How to install the ISB

```shell
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/numaproj/numaflow/stable/examples/0-isbsvc-jetstream.yaml
```

The expected output of the above command is shown below:

```shell
$ kubectl get isbsvc 

NAME      TYPE        PHASE     MESSAGE   AGE
default   jetstream   Running             3d19h

# Wait for pods to be ready
$ kubectl get pods

NAME                                         READY   STATUS      RESTARTS   AGE
isbsvc-default-js-0                          3/3     Running     0          19s
isbsvc-default-js-1                          3/3     Running     0          19s
isbsvc-default-js-2                          3/3     Running     0          19s
```

---
**NOTE**

The Source used in the examples is an HTTP source producing messages with values 5 and 10 with event time
starting from 60000. Please refer to the doc [http source](../../sources/http.md) on how to use an HTTP
source.
An example will be as follows,

> 

Reviewer: can you add `---` in line no: 49 (similar to line no: 37)

Author: Added in the latest commit

## Prerequisites

> #### What is ISB?
> 
> `Inter-Step Buffer (ISB)` Service is the service to provide `Inter-Step Buffers`.
> A Pipeline contains multiple vertices that ingest data from sources, process data, and forward processed data to sinks. Vertices are not connected directly but through Inter-Step Buffers. Please refer to the doc [Intern-Step Buffer Service](https://numaflow.numaproj.io/core-concepts/inter-step-buffer-service/) for more information on ISB.
> 
> 
> #### How to install the ISB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Inter-Step Buffer (ISB)

#### What is ISB?
An Inter-Step Buffer Service is described by a [Custom Resource](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/), which is used to pass data between vertices of a numaflow pipeline.
Please refer to the doc [Intern-Step Buffer Service](../../../core-concepts/inter-step-buffer.md) for more information on ISB.

#### How to install the ISB
```

```

The expected output of the above command is shown below:

```shell
NAME                                         READY   STATUS      RESTARTS   AGE
isbsvc-default-js-0                          3/3     Running     0          19s
isbsvc-default-js-1                          3/3     Running     0          19s
isbsvc-default-js-2                          3/3     Running     0          19s
```

To inspect the status of the pipeline, use `kubectl get pods`.

```shell
# Wait for pods to be ready
kubectl get pods

NAME                                         READY   STATUS      RESTARTS   AGE
isbsvc-default-js-0                          3/3     Running     0          19s
isbsvc-default-js-1                          3/3     Running     0          19s
isbsvc-default-js-2                          3/3     Running     0          19s
simple-pipeline-daemon-78b798fb98-qf4t4      1/1     Running     0          10s
simple-pipeline-out-0-xc0pf                  1/1     Running     0          10s
simple-pipeline-cat-0-kqrhy                  2/2     Running     0          10s
simple-pipeline-in-0-rhpjm                   1/1     Running     0          11s

> ```

Author: Have removed this in latest commit

> 
> **_NOTE:_**  The Source used in the examples is an HTTP source producing messages with values 5 and 10 with event time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
**NOTE**

The Source used in the examples is an HTTP source producing messages with values 5 and 10 with event time
```

Reviewer: Also add `---` in line no: 52

## Prerequisites

> ### Inter-Step Buffer (ISB)

Reviewer 2: Inter-Step Buffer Service (ISB Service)

Author: Changed in the latest commit.

> #### What is ISB?

Reviewer 2: ISB Service

Author: changed in my latest commit

An Inter-Step Buffer Service is described by a [Custom Resource](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/), which is used to pass data between vertices of a numaflow pipeline.
Please refer to the doc [Intern-Step Buffer Service](../../../core-concepts/inter-step-buffer.md) for more information on ISB.

> #### How to install the ISB

Reviewer 2: ISB Service

Author: Changed in my latest commit
